I shall bed way is the tax director at
pricewaterhousecoopers one of the
biggest accounting and auditing firms in
the world a lof of figures and numbers
was not obvious from infancy I just
career path came as a surprise to both
her father at night because as a child
she was more interested in art and I
mean at painting drawing and they're
doing artwork sentence but at some point
as a student I discovered that I had a
passionate and for finance and economics
I provide tax services to a wide range
of clients most of which are
multinationals and I do have some kenyan
clients as well sometimes i work very
long hours what I try and do that try
and break it up so I leave work at a
reasonable time go home relax do
something with my daughter watch TV read
or you know have had time to do other
things so I just try and plan my time
really well I show has endured personal
tragedy and other life changing events
over the years but they did not deter
her from striving to be very successful
in life ashes sense of responsibility
started from a very early age from the
age of three when her sister was
diagnosed with cerebral palsy I think as
far as a role model for women I think I
shall bring everything you want as a row
just the way she carries herself so
professional she's being voted the most
respected in the tax department she is a
big part of why we are so successful as
a firm I think of myself as a problem
solver and I use that to build my
relationships of my clients I've always
seen blue skies a superior brand always
brought blissful for special occasions
from my mama for myself my favorite
blizko fabric is Angelina I like it
because the pattern is easily
recognizable it means so many things to
so many different people that represents
Africa and it can be used in different
ways and it's very unique my plans for
the future would be to just get to the
top of my profession and keep doing the
things i like doing I have an interest
in developing the youth and helping with
career development within pwc I'm a
career coach tub of Bibles I think about
six people now and helping other young
people who I also mentor as well as an
addition to what I do help them grow as
well and just keep enjoying my life
enjoying what I do to vote for I shot
bad way takes I shots 1751 or go to any
let's go eat or shop or visit www em
flickr com dare to dream because success
and life starts with a dream join
celebrations by voting for the woman who
inspires you for more information about
this year's women's month go to dream
Glasgow com